Rebuild Docs V0.8.0 (#8392)
Oneflow-Inc/oneflow: docs/source/tensor.rst

oneflow.Tensor
===================================

.. The documentation is referenced from: 
   https://pytorch.org/docs/1.10/tensors.html

A :class:`oneflow.Tensor` is a multi-dimensional matrix containing elements of

> a single data type.

Reviewer: 我觉得 Global Tensor 需要有一个单独的章节加总结介绍，至少包含 我们 0.7.0 Release note 中的 分布式章节部分，告诉用户如何使用  Global Tensor，以及相关的约束，如何配置 Global 描述分布式并行。

https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/oneflow/releases/tag/v0.7.0

虽然我们的教程文档里有。但我觉得 api 文档里也应该有单独的介绍。以及对每个 api 的介绍。

详细内容可以参考：

https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/OneTeam/blob/master/tutorial/global_tensor.md

Reviewer: 在 distributed 章节找到了： https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/oneflow/pull/8392/files#diff-d89f5566abc8b5f9ce7d6e13bacd11e7968b7e6e756f3d152275f84a6a5a7771R28

oneflow.Tensor
===================================

A :class:`oneflow.Tensor` is a multi-dimensional matrix containing elements of
a single data type.

.. currentmodule:: oneflow

Data types
----------

> OneFlow defines 8 tensor types with CPU and GPU variants which are as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OneFlow defines 8 Tensor types with CPU and GPU variants which are as follows:
```

======================================= =============================================== =============================== ==================================

Initializing and basic operations
---------------------------------

A tensor can be constructed from a Python :class:`list` or sequence using the
:func:`oneflow.tensor` constructor:

::

    >>> oneflow.tensor([[1., -1.], [1., -1.]])
    tensor([[ 1.0000, -1.0000],
            [ 1.0000, -1.0000]])
    >>> oneflow.tensor(np.array([[1, 2, 3], [4, 5, 6]]))
    tensor([[ 1,  2,  3],
            [ 4,  5,  6]])

.. warning::

    :func:`oneflow.tensor` always copies :attr:`data`. If you have a Tensor
    :attr:`data` and just want to change its ``requires_grad`` flag, use
    :meth:`~oneflow.Tensor.requires_grad_` or
    :meth:`~oneflow.Tensor.detach` to avoid a copy.
    If you have a numpy array and want to avoid a copy, use
    :func:`oneflow.as_tensor`.
A tensor of specific data type can be constructed by passing a
:class:`oneflow.dtype` and/or a :class:`oneflow.device` to a
constructor or tensor creation op:

::

>     >>> oneflow.zeros([2, 4], dtype=oneflow.int32)

Reviewer 3: > 这里没有import oneflow可以运行吗

已添加并测试通过

    >>> x.item()
    1
    >>> x = oneflow.tensor(2.5)
    >>> x
    tensor(2.5000, dtype=oneflow.float32)
    >>> x.item()
    2.5

For more information about indexing, see :ref:`indexing-slicing-joining`

A tensor can be created with :attr:`requires_grad=True` so that
:mod:`oneflow.autograd` records operations on them for automatic differentiation.

::

    >>> x = oneflow.tensor([[1., -1.], [1., 1.]], requires_grad=True)
    >>> out = x.pow(2).sum()
    >>> out.backward()
    >>> x.grad
    tensor([[ 2., -2.],
            [ 2.,  2.]], dtype=oneflow.float32)

.. note::
   For more information on the :class:`oneflow.dtype`, :class:`oneflow.device`, and
   :class:`oneflow.layout` attributes of a :class:`oneflow.Tensor`, see
   :ref:`tensor-attributes-doc`.

.. note::
   Methods which mutate a tensor are marked with an underscore suffix.
   For example, :func:`oneflow.FloatTensor.add_` computes the absolute value
   in-place and returns the modified tensor, while :func:`oneflow.FloatTensor.add`
   computes the result in a new tensor.

.. note::
    To change an existing tensor's :class:`oneflow.device` and/or :class:`oneflow.dtype`, consider using

>     :meth:`~oneflow.Tensor.to` method on the tensor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :meth:`~oneflow.Tensor.to` method of Tensor object.
```

Reviewer 3: 已修改

oneflow.Tensor
===================================

A :class:`oneflow.Tensor` is a multi-dimensional matrix containing elements of
a single data type.

.. currentmodule:: oneflow

Data types
----------

> Torch defines 10 tensor types with CPU and GPU variants which are as follows:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
OneFlow defines ?? tensor types with CPU and GPU variants which are as follows:
```

这个是因为还只是无脑抄阶段，还没有开始 refine 吗？名字和类型都和 OneFlow 现有情况是对应不上的。

这类还没完成的工作，建议要么不要上传，要么上传后自己 comment 下，让大家不用先 review，否则容易引起误解。

            mm, 
            mv, 
            max, 
            maximum, 
            median, 
            mean, 
            min, 
            minimum, 
            mish, 
            mul, 
            mul_, 
            narrow, 
            ndim, 
            ndimension, 
            ne, 
            neg, 
            negative, 
            nelement, 
            new_empty,
            new_ones, 
            new_zeros,

>             new_tensor, 

Reviewer 2: new_tensor我们还没有实现，也加上了？

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48576019/178892547-9baeab03-6111-4b3a-974d-969246bd8765.png)
这样算是实现了吧？

Reviewer 2: 忽略。
